Parameter extraction algorithm configuration structures have a mandatory
field "type", with additional fields that depend on the algorithm specified
by the "type" field.

Algorithm-specific arguments are as follows:



== "groundtruth" type:

Parameters are known a priori.



== "default" type:

The wlProc library is to replace this with a configuration of its choice.
FIXME - NYI.



== "custom" type:

This wraps a user-specified parameter extraction function.

"paramfunc":  A function handle with the form:
  [ newevents, auxdata ] = paramfunc( oldevents, waves, samprate, paramconfig )

The function handle is passed a copy of this structure as its "paramconfig"
argument, allowing additional parameters to be passed.

Function arguments are:
  "oldevents":  The list of events produced by segmentation. Only the
    "sampstart" and "duration" fields are guaranteed to exist.
  "waves":  The list of derived waveforms produced by segmentation. Which
    of these exist depends on the segmentation algorithm. These typically
    include a band-pass-filtered waveform and its Hilbert transform
    magnitude, phase, and frequency series.
  "samprate":  The number of samples per second in the signal data.
  "paramconfig":  A copy of this structure, containing additional parameters.

Function return values are:
  "newevents":  An updated list of events with remaining fields filled in.
  "auxdata":  A structure containing additional statistics or diagnostic
    data. This structure may be empty.



== "grid" type:

Amplitude envelope roll-on and roll-off are fit using a coarse grid search.
For a given roll-on and roll-off, magnitude and frequency are curve-fit.
Endpoints are kept fixed.

"gridsteps":  The number of intermediate time points tested as roll-on and
              roll-off endpoints.

The number of cases tested goes up as the square of "gridsteps".


== "annealamp" type:

Perform "grid" for a coarse fit, then use simulated annealing on the envelope
to fit it to the analytic signal magnitude signal.

"gridsteps":   The number of intermediate time points for the "grid" fit.
"matchfreq":   The maximum allowed frequency ratio between original and
               perturbed events.
"matchamp:     The maximum allowed peak-amplitude ratio between original and
               perturbed events.
"matchlength": The maximum allowed length ratio between original and perturbed
               events.
"matcholap":   The minimum fraction of the shorter event that must be covered
               by the larger event, between original and perturbed events.
"tunnelmax":   The maximum number of consecutive unproductive perturbation
               attempts that can be made before annealing is assumed to have
               converged.
"totalmax":    The maximum number of perturbation attempts that can be made
               in total while annealing one event record.


== "annealboth" type:

Perform "grid" for a coarse fit, then use simulated annealing on the envelope
to fit it to the analytic signal magnitude signal, then use simulated
annealing on amplitude and frequency to fit the event and signal waveforms.

Arguments are identical to "annealamp".



This is the end of the file.
