Segmentation algorithm configuration structures have a mandatory field
"type", with additional fields that depend on the algorithm specified by the
"type" field.

Algorithm-specific arguments are as follows:



== "groundtruth" type:

Segments are known a priori.



== "default" type:

The wlProc library is to replace this with a configuration of its choice.
FIXME - NYI.



== "custom" type:

This wraps a user-specified segmentation function.

"segmentfunc":  A function handle with the form:
  [ events, waves ] = segmentfunc( wavedata, samprate, bpfband, segconfig )

The function handle is passed a copy of this structure as its "segconfig"
argument, allowing additional parameters to be passed.

Function arguments are:
  "wavedata":  The data trace to examine.
  "samprate":  The number of samples per second in the signal data.
  "bpfband" [min max]:  The frequency band of interest. Edges may fade.
  "segconfig":  A copy of this structure, containing additional parameters.

Function return values are:
  "events":  An array of event record structures per EVENTFORMAT.txt.
    Only the "sampstart" and "duration" fields are provided.
  "waves":   A structure containing new waveforms derived from "wavedata".
    These typically include a band-pass-filtered waveform and its Hilbert
    transform magnitude, phase, and frequency series.


== "mag" type:

Detection looking for excursions in analytic signal magnitude.
As "magdual", but omitting "dbend".



== "magdual" type:

Detection looking for excursions in analytic signal magnitude.

"qlong":    Time constant for DC-average filtering, as a multiple of the
            nominal oscillation period.
"qdrop":    Maximum gap in detection to ignore, as a multiple of the nominal
            oscillation period.
"qglitch":  Maximum spurious detection to ignore, as a multiple of the nominal
            oscillation period.
"dbpeak":   Minimum power ratio (in dB) above background for event detection.
"dbend":    Minimum power ratio (in dB) above background at the edges of a
            detected event. This is used to determine event boundaries.

The standard "3 sigma" heuristic for detection corresponds to a "dbpeak"
value of 9.5 dB. A typical "dbend" value is 2 dB.



== "freq" type:

Detection looking for stabilization of analytic signal frequency.
As "freqdual", but omitting "dbend".



== "freqdual" type:

Detection looking for stabilization of analytic signal frequency.

This involves adding high-frequency noise to the band-pass-filtered signal;
oscillations with amplitude significantly higher than the HF noise floor
stabilize the analytic signal's computed frequency (derivative of phase).

"noiseband":  [min max]  Frequency band for noise injection.
"noisesnr":   Ratio of signal power to injected noise power (in dB).
"qlong":    Time constant for DC-average filtering, as a multiple of the
            nominal oscillation period.
"qshort":   Time constant for smoothing analytic signal frequency, as a
            multiple of the nominal oscillation period.
"qdrop":    Maximum gap in detection to ignore, as a multiple of the nominal
            oscillation period.
"qglitch":  Maximum spurious detection to ignore, as a multiple of the nominal
            oscillation period.
"dbpeak":   Minimum noise power suppression ratio (in dB) for event detection.
"dbend":    Minimum noise power suppression ratio (in dB) at the edges of a
            detected event. This is used to determine event boundaries.

The noise band's low frequency edge is typically at least 10 times the event
band's upper frequency edge.
The standard "3 sigma" heuristic for detection corresponds to a "dbpeak"
value of 9.5 dB. A typical "dbend" value is 2 dB.



This is the end of the file.
